NMS-14613  Quick Start: Login and create a user (#5170)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/deep-dive/user-management/user-maintenance.adoc

[[ga-user-maintenance]]
= User Maintenance
User maintenance describes additional tasks and information related to users.

== Passwords

=== Set a new password for any user

> . Log in as a *User* with administrative permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Log in as a user with admin permissions.
```

> . Click the gear icon in the top right.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the gear icon at the top-right of the screen.

> . Choose *Configure OpenNMS > Configure Users, Groups and On-Call roles > Configure Users*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Choose menu:Configure OpenNMS[Configure Users, Groups and On-Call Roles > Configure Users].
```

> . Choose *Configure OpenNMS > Configure Users, Groups and On-Call roles > Configure Users*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Choose menu:Configure OpenNMS[Configure Users, Groups and On-Call Roles > Configure Users].
```

. Click the *Modify* icon next to an existing user and select *Reset Password*.

> . Type a new *Password*, *Confirm Password*, and click *OK*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Type a new password, confirm the password, and click *OK*.
```

. Click *Finish*.

=== Change your password

> . Log in with user name and old password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Log in with user name and current password.
```

. Choose *Change Password* from the list below your login name.

> . Specify your current password then set the new password and confirm it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Specify your current password, then set and confirm the new password.
```

. Click *Submit*.
. Log out and log in with your new password.

== Delete users and groups

> . Log in as a user with administrative permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Log in as a user with admin permissions.
```

> . Click the gear icon in the top right.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the gear icon at the top-right of the screen.
```

> . Choose *Configure OpenNMS > Configure Users, Groups and On-Call roles* and select *Configure Users*  or *Configure Groups*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Choose menu:Configure OpenNMS[Configure Users, Groups and On-Call Roles] and select *Configure Users*  or *Configure Groups*.
```

> . Choose *Configure OpenNMS > Configure Users, Groups and On-Call roles* and select *Configure Users*  or *Configure Groups*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Choose menu:Configure OpenNMS[Configure Users, Groups and On-Call Roles > Configure Users]  or *Configure Groups*.
```

. Click the trash bin icon beside the user or group you want to delete.
. Confirm delete request with *OK*.

IMPORTANT: When you delete a group no one receives a notification that the group has been deleted.
Be aware that deleting a group or user also removes any schedules associated with that group or user, meaning they will not receive notifications specified as part of a schedule.

== Advanced configuration

> {page-component-title} persists the user, password, and other detail descriptions in the `users.xml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{page-component-title} persists the user, password, and other detail descriptions in the `users.xml` file.

```

[[ga-user-maintenance]]

> = User Maintenance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= User Maintenance

```

> User maintenance describes additional tasks and information related to users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page describes additional tasks and information related to user accounts.
```

== Passwords

> === Set a new password for any user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Set a new password for any user

```

. Log in as a user with admin permissions.
. Click the gear icon at the top-right of the screen.
. Choose menu:Configure OpenNMS[Configure Users, Groups and On-Call Roles > Configure Users].
. Click the *Modify* icon next to an existing user and select *Reset Password*.
. Type a new password, confirm the password, and click *OK*.
. Click *Finish*.

=== Change your password

. Log in with user name and current password.
. Choose *Change Password* from the list below your login name.
. Specify your current password, then set and confirm the new password.
. Click *Submit*.
. Log out and log in with your new password.

== Delete users and groups

. Log in as a user with admin permissions.
. Click the gear icon at the top-right of the screen.
. Choose menu:Configure OpenNMS[Configure Users, Groups and On-Call Roles > Configure Users]  or *Configure Groups*.
. Click the trash bin icon beside the user or group you want to delete.
. Click *OK* to confirm deletion.

> IMPORTANT: When you delete a group no one receives a notification that the group has been deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: If you delete a group, no one receives a notification that it has been deleted.
```

> Be aware that deleting a group or user also removes any schedules associated with that group or user, meaning they will not receive notifications specified as part of a schedule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deleting a group or user also removes any schedules associated with that group or user, meaning they will not receive notifications specified as part of a schedule.
```
